Hello, everyone.
My name is David Tucker,
and welcome to the course AWS Infrastructure with TypeScript: Getting Started.
I'm a CTO consultant, and I help organizations plan,
build, and implement custom software solutions in the cloud,
and I have over 15 years of experience in software architecture and development.
Managing cloud based infrastructure can be error prone and time consuming,
especially without the right tools.
Leveraging the AWS Cloud Development Kit,
or CDK,
with TypeScript will enable you to better manage your AWS
infrastructure at scale. In this course, AWS Infrastructure
with TypeScript: Getting Started,
you'll learn to implement the concept of infrastructure as code with TypeScript.
First, you'll explore how to create a new CDK project. Next,
you'll discover how you can manage your deployed infrastructure.
Finally,
you'll learn how to configure and launch the infrastructure for a real
world application using AWS Fargate, API Gateway,
Amazon S3, and AWS Lambda.
When you're finished with this course,
you'll have the skills and knowledge of the AWS CDK needed to integrate it into your custom applications on AWS.